Summarize the project and what problem it was solving. This project is combining C++ and Python to work together and communicate with each other. It is not really solving a problem as much as integrating to programming languages together for a purpose.
What did you do particularly well? I believe my basic source code of C++ was done well with it being my first time working with C++. I also believe I connected the libraries (include and libs) correctly to help both languages communicate.
Where could you enhance your code? How would these improvements make your code more efficient, secure, and so on? I believe now that I am more proficient in coding for C++ I can create more code to make it do pretty much anything I want and even make the programs work better together. Right now I just have the basic code I believe I can go back now and play with it and make it even better.
Which pieces of the code did you find most challenging to write, and how did you overcome this? What tools or resources are you adding to your support network? Researching multiple websites and articles regarding how to code proficiently helped me with not only this as my first part of the class but many more that followed after. For me the biggest challenge was learning to not use the structures in Java because C++ is vastly different. I actually started to keep copies of symbols and characters and what they mean for each programming language.
What skills from this project will be particularly transferable to other projects or course work? I believe the skill and knowledge of how to connect the two languages from the basis of location of basic files and resources and how to integrate them is very important for any program that you want to use.
How did you make this program maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Since this was my first C++ code I worked with it is the basics but it is very adaptable because of the basic connection with Python and I can utilize this basic program to do anything together with others.
